(geese honking)
(goose honking loudly)
There there, guys.
Just sit tight for
little while longer.
We'll be able to help
you out really soon.
(buzzing sound)
(Jugo struggling)
(goose honking)
I wish we could take away
the bird's Curse Marks, too.
Then we'd be able to
take some of
the burden Mr. Jugo has to bear.
(water splashing)
How did it go?
We haven't found any
more red-eyed birds
on the east, west, or
south sides of the lake.
So just the north's left.
Although there may still
be a few more of them
hiding in the bushes on the
lake shore here and there.
We'll leave those
guys to you, Mitsuki,
and I'll go and check
out the north side.
All right. And I'll-
[Sarada] Boruto, you stay here.
Wait, what?
Did you forget what
Konohamaru Sensei told us?
We're not supposed to take
our eyes off Jugo, remember?
(goose honking)
Of course, yeah, you're right.
We have to get rid of the
Curse Mark on the birds
and find out the cause
of this infection.
(Opening theme music)
(brooding music)
[Sarada] It's time.
All right.
[Sarada] Please inject
yourself again in three hours.
Oh, I see.
So you've decided to inject him
on a regular schedule, then.
Yes.
I figured that if he takes
it before the symptoms start,
he won't undergo Curse
Mark Transformation.
It's certainly one way to do it.
Although, while this
medicine does delay
Curse Mark Transformation,
it's a powerful tranquilizer.
When I take it,
it dulls my senses
and it takes me
longer to extract
the Curse Mark from the birds.
So till now, I'd inject myself
when the symptoms appeared,
and then I'd head to the cave
before the transformation
could begin.
But still, once I undergo
complete Curse Mark
Transformation,
this medicine can no
longer control me. (sighs)
(geese honking)
(buzzing sound)
(Jugo struggling)
He goes through so
much for the birds.
You see, that didn't
hurt at all, right?
(goose honking)
Off you go!
Seems like it's going well.
Yeah, it's all
thanks to the effort
that Mr. Jugo's putting in.
(goose honking)
Hold on, there's
still more out there?
Hey, cut it out already!
Wait, this is the only
one that's this color.
Of course.
That's a domesticated goose.
It probably belongs to
someone in the village
and wandered out here.
You see, long ago,
people caught wild geese
and over time domesticated them.
Why can't this one fly away?
Because it was raised by
people and became domesticated,
the need to migrate
became unnecessary.
Remember what I told you
before back in the Leaf
about one's genes?
Well, somewhere along the
line, this species of goose
simply lost the genes that
gave them the ability to fly.
I don't really know
anything about genes
and all that kinda stuff.
But I'd like to help
this guy be able to fly.
You're such a dreamer.
Do you know that, Boruto?
And so what if I am?
Nothing wrong with
being a dreamer.
Anyway, I'll take this
one to Mr. Jugo, too.
(goose honking)
It's okay.
It's not infected.
That's good news,
isn't it, little guy?
(goose honking)
Oh, are you so happy
you might fly now?
But he's not able to fly.
That's what Mr.
Tosaka told me, too.
But still, doesn't it
really all depend on
how hard he tries to fly?
If everything's decided by
your genes, it's no fun at all.
There are some things that
effort alone can't accomplish.
The fact is, some paths
are simply predestined.
Like it is for me.
I can't live like
the rest of you do.
Because of this Curse Mark.
(goose honking)
Wild geese are migratory.
Soon it'll be time for them
to fly to another place.
If they do so before I'm able
to remove their Curse Mark,
it'll spread
throughout the world.
And if that were to happen,
then these birds
will have no future.
I'm simply not going
to let that happen.
Somehow, I'll find
a way to save them.
(fire crackling)
Can you help me tomorrow, too?
Sure thing, you can count on us!
[Sarada] Are you
really going in there?
You've been getting
injections regularly now,
so you don't actually need to go
inside that cave
anymore, do you?
No, I still have to.
I'm starting to
build up resistance.
The medicine is beginning
to wear off sooner.
Before long, it
won't work at all.
The injections are gonna
stop working eventually.
We're going to have to
hurry things up, then.
Sarada.
Do you still have the injectors?
This is everything
that we have left.
I think it's just barely
going to be enough.
Which means we'll
have to do something
before we run out.
We gotta let the Chief know.
You're right.
(geese honking)
(peaceful music)
(buzzing sound)
(Jugo struggling)
Whoa there.
(wings flapping)
Go on!
(geese honking)
(buzzing sound)
(Jugo struggling)
(Jugo breathing heavily)
(goose honking)
[Sarada] It's time.
(geese honking)
(geese honking in alarm)
What's that?
(dramatic music)
No way, all the
infected geese are gone!
Damn it, this is bad!
What's going on here?
[Tosaka] You guys!
[Boruto] Mr. Tosaka,
what's going on?
The geese all went through
Curse Mark Transformation.
They escaped and
Jugo chased them!
He what?
Where'd they go?
That way!
(bushes rustling)
[Boruto] Mr. Jugo!
(dramatic music intensifies)
(Jugo struggling painfully)
Boruto!
Quickly, run away now!
Not good.
He's gonna go on a rampage.
(Jugo struggling)
We have to inject him right away
and get him back
into the cave fast.
I'll go and get the shots.
Okay, but hurry.
We don't have very
much time left.
Kill you!
It's no good, get away!
Mr. Jugo, stay calm.
Sarada's getting the
injection right now,
so please, try to hold on.
(Jugo struggling)
No way.
But how?
Why would...
(Jugo screaming)
Both of you!
Get away from me, go!
Sarada will be back really soon.
Just hang on a little longer.
Come on, Sarada, hurry!
[Konohamaru] Don't
take any chances.
And avoid combat at all costs.
(Jugo screaming)
Boruto, all of the
injections are gone.
(Jugo growling)
Total Curse Mark Transformation.
Well, it's too late now.
We'll have to stop him here.
Kill you, kill you, kill you!
(dramatic music)
(daggers swishing)
[Boruto] Rasengan!
Thanks so much.
What?
He's gone.
But where did he go to?
To the village.
Oh no, this is bad.
He's sure to take down a lot
of people if he goes there.
Let's go!
Wait!
I'm coming, too!
Don't leave me here by myself!
(dramatic music intensifies)
(loud exploding noise)
(villagers screaming)
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you!
[Villager] A monster!
(villagers screaming)
No!
Get up, hurry!
(Jugo laughing)
Get away from the child, now!
Go on!
(villager gasping)
[Villager Child] No, Dad!
Just go, get away!
I'll kill you.
(Jugo laughing maniacally)
No, stop!
(arrows swishing through air)
[Boruto] Mr. Jugo!
Mr. Jugo.
[Research Team
Leader] Restrain him.
[Sasami] Yes, sir.
[Momo] Understood.
And be careful.
Hey, what do you think
you're doing to Jugo?
We gave him a strong anesthetic.
Don't worry, he'll be fine.
But, still!
[Team Leader]
We have to do this.
We don't know when he'll
go on a rampage again.
It's for the safety
of the village.
Thank you for all your help.
[Team Leader] That was
quite a scare, wasn't it?
Is everyone all right?
Somehow, yes, we are.
Who are they, anyway?
They're researchers
from the Land of Rivers.
[Tosaka] Huh?
Why are people from the
Land of Rivers here?
I contacted them and
asked for their help, too.
In case we needed it.
It was him?
You were right.
It appears that this person is
the monster's true identity.
He completely
deceived all of us.
Deceived you?
And you guys are in
cahoots with him, too!
Yeah, we saw you together!
You knew all along that he
was secretly the monster,
but you kept it
from us, didn't you?
That's not,
we were gonna tell you
everything as soon as
all the geese were
cured of the Curse Mark.
And you didn't only keep
the truth from all of them,
you didn't tell us, either.
Like I said-
I hate to admit
it, but we had put
you under surveillance as well.
If you'd just told us,
things wouldn't have
ended up this way.
And if it weren't
for these researchers
who came here from the
Land of Rivers to help,
I'd hate to imagine what
might have happened!
You get it now?
Will you just let us
handle things from here on?
What about Mr. Jugo?
[Research Team Leader]
We'll take care of him, too.
Look, Mr. Jugo was just
trying to save the wild geese!
But he absorbed too
much of the Curse Mark.
And ended up like this, right?
But he has medicine to
suppress his rampages.
When he keeps
injecting it regularly-
[Research Team
Leader] Where is it?
It all just suddenly
disappeared.
So, you have no way to stop
him anymore, is that right?
Well if that's the case,
you can leave this
village right now.
But our teammates who were
sent on this mission with us
are bringing back reinforcements
from our village to help out.
Your teammates?
Are you talking about these two?
[Boruto] Wasabi! Namida!
[Sarada] What happened?
It's the...
We discovered them
unconscious in the forest.
They've been infected
with the Curse Mark, too.
Luckily, we got to
them fast enough,
and they're undergoing
treatment right now,
so they should be okay.
And Sumire?
Where's Sumire now?
Wasn't there another
person with them?
Sorry, but we only
found these two.
That's right.
Sumire.
(Sumire stirring in sleep)
(high intensity rock music)
All right, now it's time
for me to have a little fun.
Do you think something
like that will work?
Wasabi!
(Sasami chuckling)
Little brats.
Don't underestimate us.
Wasabi!
No way!
Man, this is such a pain.
Let's just kill them all.
We can't, Big Brother.
Our orders were just to
stop them, not to kill them.
Let's do this!
(Sasami roaring)
Nue!
Summoning!
(Nue growling)
Just what is that?
Come on.
Won't those two be
enough, Big Brother?
Just leave it alone!
No way!
I'm gonna bring that thing down.
Okay, then that one
will be my prey!
(Nue growling)
Nue, just leave me!
Go help Wasabi and Namida!
Huh?
No, Nue!
Please don't.
Go back, help them.
(Sumire gasping)
Wasabi.
Namida.
Listen, don't worry.
We're going to do
everything in our power
to help your friends, too.
Mr. Tosaka, would you
mind staying here with us?
Huh?
I've heard you're
an ornithologist.
The knowledge you
possess would be
a great help to
our investigation.
I'd appreciate your assistance.
[Tosaka] I understand.
If he's staying, then you oughta
let us the rest of
us stay here, too!
Enough!
I'm rescinding my
request for your help!
So just leave this village, now.
That's right, just go!
(villagers agreeing)
I'm sorry, you guys.
It's just, I think it's
beyond our control now.
I think we should
let them handle it.
But don't worry, okay?
I'll take care of
Jugo and the geese.
I'll take full
responsibility for them.
But what about Konohamaru?
I'm not completely
sure, but I don't think
he's able to get
out of bed just yet.
Boruto.
Let's go.
[Boruto Voice] I
can't believe this.
Wasabi and Namida.
Big Brother.
And Jugo.
I couldn't do anything for them.
(Ending theme music)
(dramatic music)
[Sumire] Wasabi,
Namida, hold on!
I'm coming to save
you right now!
Nue, follow their chakra!
What's wrong, Nue?
Oh, so you sensed
my presence, huh?
What an interesting summoning.
[Sumire] Who are you?
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
Jugo's reinforcements.
I just wanna ask
you some questions.
Is that all right
with you, young lady?
(Ending theme music)